>> Maximiliano Firtman: Remember the rest
and the spread operators we see before,
well, from 2018.
It's also available on
inside objects before we saw
them in arguments and arrays.
Well, now the same thing
can be used within objects.
So for example here, I can use this
to collect with the rest operator,
the rest of the properties.
So here, we are mixing here.
So remember when you have a code block at
the left of an assignment
this is a destructuring.
So I'm destructuring the object
that I have at the right, okay?
I'm destructuring here in three objects,
A, B, and rest.
A will have the A property,
B will have the B property, and
then it will create another
object with C and D.
So if I run this,
I have an object only with C and D, okay?
In this case,
I'm using the rest operator over an object
with the same idea as we saw before.
And talking about the spread operator
that is the same operator but
used in a different context,
we can also combine objects.
For example,
I can say that I have a combined object
that will combine object one and
object two into one object that will
have all the properties in one object.
Remember, these operators are actually
making new objects or new arrays.
Actually, it's not the operator
that's making a new.
The new object is because we
are using the object literal syntax.
That's making a new object.
But I'm saying that this is not
changing object 1 or object 2.
This is just spreading the properties
of object 1 or object 2 there.
This can be used to
create quick decorators.
For example, let me remove this.
Let's say you have something
that is sometimes common.
You have for example a to-do,
let's say you have a to-do list.
So I have a to-do item and
a to do item,and a to-do item,
you say that it's an object
that will contain the title.
So I have a to-do item that contains the
title that I need to finish the workshop,
finish workshop, and
if it's done, I will say false.
Okay, that's an object.
Well, sometimes there is a pattern,
a design pattern,
known as the decorator
pattern that decorates that.
So then, I can say I have a decorated
to-do item that is gonna be,
first I'm going to spread to-do item.
So I'm spreading it, and I will add
a new property, such as, for example,
a DOM element that will be attached to it,
an li, whatever.
So in this,
I'm spreading the other object, and
I'm actually making a clone in this case.
So this is another object.
It's not pointing to the object, okay?
So I'm not creating a reference to
the object, I'm creating a new one.
This is a new object that is
spreading these two properties and
it's also adding a new one.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Okay, it's
just the same spread and to be honest,
that most literature to these days about
the spread operators are talking about
the array, the arguments, and the objects,
it doesn't matter the version.
Because again, at one point,
we don't care too much about the year
of which this was added, okay?
We take safely up to ES2022, for example,
typically we safely talk about things
maybe one to two years before.
So if you are in 2030,
we will safely say that everything
in ES 2028 is there somehow.